hi everyone this is sending me is your
899 CS and I don't like to be negative
but well tell our breeding yesterday
about President Barack Obama and his
other name Barry says to Satori
and just a lot of compelling stuff to
think about now
we know that he never showed a birth
certificate about 12 us to we the people
pray that he was born in the USA which
is an eligibility requirement that was
established in the Constitution well I
was watching Manning James Manny was a
PhD and as two of the man before each I
got my favorites but anyway he actually
is going to march against columbia
university and that March has got to
take place may 14 through 19 2010 in
harlem new york you check out like i
said the video for more information but
anyway he said that calling me actually
sold I political science degree to bury
sephora and well that's really bad but
then he goes on to say that um it was
sold to clone university with money
aided by Saudi Arabia he said he never
attended Columbia University she over to
Pakistan al Qaeda terror training camps
for two years in Afghanistan and
Pakistan I have 10,000 people that were
there students nobody saw him none of
the professor's remember him he was ever
on it's creating team
and James Aaron said he was onto because
he was doing Baptist ministry for the
african-american community and actually
he was studying theology and building
right across from columbia university
but they were connected so he had a
student ID so anyway i can also check
out the manning report or more about it
ww2 at law to work eighty lah and it
just was really overwhelming when I saw
these videos then I decided to some more
research because i watch other people's
videos and there were like 12 valid
social security cards register to talk
about half and
that's
that's scary I think it's very scary
and nothing is being done about any of
us so people are serving their own
marches there's another board
philadelphia organizing a barge to
demand that they see brock obama's birth
certificate well if you say he produced
one from hawaii he didn't that's just a
live birth record any baby that was
living and why they issued purchase
tickets to but then somebody would say
well you know it was in the newspaper
well how hard is it to make a phone call
and say oh you know my son James you
know he was born here today and the
newspaper is just going to put it in but
the only bird certificate that has a
signature from a doctor the parents and
the hospital that was from Kenya all
right now where people were confused
about Indonesia why just found out that
when his mother divorced his father she
went to Indonesia and she met this man
by the name
the satara
and that's where Obama got his last
name's tutorial he was adopted by him he
became his label father and so they got
divorced so but there's Indonesian
school records that show the name of
very suited toward
and he had an indonesian citizenship
they're not doing
so who is barack obama
whose son is he on
I don't know
but I think
there's just too much evidence that it's
just too compelling and it's something
like we don't want to believe our
present wasn't born here and maybe
he could be pronounced in harness way I
I don't know because he's also
commander-in-chief you have to remember
i also looked up martial law the person
in the United States can't initiate
martial law without Congress Jeremic
natural disasters are durable and well I
ever feeling like something could happen
here before Barack Obama would be
impeached that's just how I feel before
people to all these marches
and a martial law is implemented that
means you have no rights just like what
happened and then release one can trip
I'm Katrina happen
at martial law
was implemented people weren't allowed
gurgaon's
probably innocent people who getting
shot
plus you can see the enhancer so that's
what i have to say that who is Brook
take care
you